here's how to double your business in 6
months or less we're going to use data
from over a thousand agency owners and
B2B companies and talk about offers
video sales letters cold outbound sales
assets hiring in team paid ads scaling
in lifetime value and you should listen
to me because here's me making $ 5.76 n
million in a year so who am I Daniel
faio I'm the co-founder of client
essential and Lisk current monthly
revenue between 500 and $600,000 a month
47 team members have over 10,000
customers worked with over a thousand
people directly so this is for if you
are a marketing agency a B2B Company
freelancer software company core seller
coach consultant and you want to grow
your company make significantly more
money not sacrifice your life doing it
and have a proven system that's already
working and is working right now and the
first step in this process is to turn
your business into an offer and you can
understand this by this very simple math
equation I've made right here so an
offer is a
transformation plus a risk reversal plus
evidence and these are weighted
differently so promising somebody a
specific transformation is 10% of the
equation giving them a risk reversal is
10% of the equation and then having
evidence that you have got other people
results is 80% of the equation and when
you multiply and additively put these
together it equals sales velocity so the
speed by which you acquire clients is
directly determined by a specific
transformation you promis them a way to
reverse the risk away from them and the
evidence you have got other people
results which leads us to these
situations and questions that you might
have when I present this to you first
might be what if I don't have client
case studies and the answer for you to
have any sales velocity is that you must
have a risk reversal or guarantee that
the client will achieve some result
because you need at least 20% of the
equation now the next is what if I don't
want to have a guarantee a risk reversal
then the next answer would be you must
have gotten results for the maximum
amount of people possible this is how
this works right so what you need to be
doing is asking your clients for the
results you've generated them start
vehemently tracking the results of your
clients turn it into a case study and
then post those case studies on your
website and create sales assets out of
them I'm going to get into what sales
assets are and how to use them
momentarily but the first is does this
actually work and the answer is yes
because here right here is one of my
clients aan he went from 0 to
83333 a month in 14 months using this
equation and then also here's Tim that
says new offer after Daniel's input is
fire 5K up front 45k due when a client
Hits 1 million he signed three people in
24 hours so this works and it works so
substantially well that if you were to
start presenting your offers in such a
fashion on your sales Clause you would
almost surely immediately get
considerably better
results this works phenomen phomen Al
well and the second thing that works
phenomenally well that if you would like
to use to double your business in the
next 6 months is to make a video sales
letter right so at this point you now
have an offer and you pitch that offer
on video and post it on your website so
I absolutely guarantee you that a video
on your website will dramatically and
immediately increase your lead flow so
just a for instance I have Brad here
who's one of my clients and he goes I
got a lead yesterday one day after
launching my new landing page to the
vssl haven't even started Outreach yet
this is from an old static ad channel
that he just had so he had some stuff
already posted online never getting
leads at all ever and then he posts a
vssl and magically starts getting leads
without changing any other single
variable just from having a video right
if you've never gotten an organic lead
before you will begin getting them if
you are getting leads it will double how
many you get the moment you post it and
the reason why this is because 70% of
the population consumes info better via
video you're quite literally watching
one right now if you don't have one you
are leaving 70% or more of leads on the
table now this is going to bring me to
the next question that you might have
which is what do you say in a video and
how do you film it so what you should do
is start the video off with the promise
transformation so for instance what
specific result will you help the client
achieve what will they get exactly and
how long will it take who else have you
done this for how do you do it what is
the process what are the benefits of
doing it your way why is it better what
happens if they don't get the result
this is all you need to say and you do
not need a professional video editor you
don't need a professional camera or a
professional microphone you can film it
under iPhone you can screen share with
the Loom or you can screen share with
OBS what matters is what you say and not
how it looks so don't let these
objections be the reason that you don't
getting start getting considerably more
lead flow you do not need any of this
it's all nonsense right so step three is
send cold messages so there's three
sequences of outbound you could do first
to send direct messages to all your
followers on all your social channels
like
immediately the next is create high
volume automated cold email campaigns
and then the next is send direct
messages to cold leads on social
channels right so the these are warm
they already follow you these are cold
and these are cold so for instance
here's some of our cold email campaigns
This Is Us sending 6,118 cold emails we
booked 52 calls of this this is $367 in
data like the actual emails we had to
buy so it turned out to be $76 a call
this was 8400 emails 33 calls about
$15.39 a call this is 8,600 emails 30
calls worked out to be about
$726 per
call here's some other people doing that
this is David book two calls Friday
through call email one brand that's
doing 500k a month and another brand
that's doing a million a month you got
Tom over here 10 calls booked in a day
from col email Le over here best
performing cold email campaign of had
since joining CA started Outreach have
25 interested replies already right Marx
30 sales calls in a week Nick 12K deal
from cold
email also we scale L kit which is our
software company to 1.3 million AR in 3
months by sending 10,000 C emails per
day so this is these are aggregate
emails right here 494 th000 Cod emails
685 calls booked 1,846 customers
$18,900 are that was all just C email
right so if you're not doing that it's a
it's a very considerably massive mistake
and you should start doing it
immediately right so next is to create
sales assets so here's how this works
right you're doing direct Outreach with
cold outbound like we just spoke about
which leads to you signing
clients which leads to you getting case
studies from the results that you
produce from the clients to which then
you turn those into sales assets and
then the sales assets begin also signing
clients themselves and it's just this
oscillating flywheel Loop that goes
forever to Infinity right so to get your
first client you do direct Outreach when
you have those clients you get them
results as you get them results you
create case studies then you turn those
case studies into sales Assets Now what
is a sales asset it's a Content piece
that lives online that simultaneously
generates traffic and converts traffic
right so here's an example you run an
email marketing business for Ecom Brands
you design and write email flows for
their prospects and customers so
basically you help them generate more
sales you begin working with a client
within 3 months you were able to get
their monthly email revenue from 30,000
a month to 60,000 a month here's what
you do in that situation Step One is
create the sales assets so like one
sales asset asset that you would make is
a case study how I increase email
revenue from 30k to 60k a month 3 months
for an e-commerce brand so you just film
a video on how you did that and then the
second one you can do is a swipe file
the exact email flow I Ed to double the
email revenue of an e-commerce brand in
3 months so so so one thing you did
becomes two sales assets a case study
and a swipe file then you make a simple
loom video going over a Google doc and
screen sharing it all you're doing is
just explaining what you did and and
then now you're going to distribute the
sales asset right so what you do is post
a video on YouTube and SEO rank it then
you create Carousel explainers of what's
inside the video and post the carousels
on LinkedIn and then link your YouTube
video on the LinkedIn post then you'd
create a Twitter thread explaining
what's inside the video link to the
YouTube video then inside the YouTube
video you're going to place a 30 second
Pitch for your service inside the video
it link to your website and vsl
description now if if you don't have
followers on LinkedIn and Twitter it
helps to be in something like client
Ascension where we can just push it for
you but if you don't have access to
something like that you just need to SEO
rank it on YouTube and then you do this
continuously and you gradually over time
works is a very passive asset you just
get views on it forever it's very
interesting if you do it
correctly then you repeat this process
to Infinity you just keep doing it over
and over and over again so
next at this point you're making money
you have clients now and what's going to
happen is that you have so many
clients that you have no time to
actually grow the business which
necessitates step five which is hiring
fulfillment team in a sales team right
so you you have to be able to sign a
client and engage in bare minimum
involvement in the process so what does
this entail that means creating Sops on
how to fulfill the services for the
clients you're going to make scorecards
to assign specific tasks to specific
people you're going to make systems and
processes that auto assign the task to
the specific team members upon triggers
of events so client get signed create
Trello board make task assign task to
this person push the task to slack make
end of day type
form asking the team member if they
completed these tasks and if they marked
in they cleared the trail boards right
and then any form of automation to
eliminate any kind of repetitive work
from ever occurring right next is sales
team right your sales team is two
sections you have Setters you have
closers so Setters do all the following
they call inbound leads phone numbers to
set appointments for the closers they
also take inbound calls of leads who may
be unqualified and qualify them for the
closures and then they manage the
responses and the conversations from
cold Outreach like you get a response to
a cold email these people manage that
also call them inbox managers right
closers do all the following they take
the inbound qualified calls they set
follow-ups with those who don't close
and they call text and email
appointments who have since gone cold
right each of these closers and sets are
paid 100% commmission
both members of the team live inside
their CRM 8 hours a day it's all they do
they're given spec specific performance
kpis to ensure they keep their jobs and
grow the company right but all they do
is just work leads that's it they don't
do anything else in the company besides
work leads right so at this point you
have a team helping you with fulfillment
you have a team helping you with sales
what do you do and the answer answer is
you start paid ads because now you have
money and you have time so you have a
predictable client base and you're
completely comfortable with spending a
couple thousand doll per month to pay
for leads and calls
booked and this is pretty much 100% of
the time what you want to start paid ads
with this is how I make all my funnels
it's very it's the most reliable funnel
of all time it's vsl
funnel right so you have an ad people
somebody gets to an opt-in page you get
their name email and phone
number after doing that they go to a
vssl vssl page as a video a button for
an application and then all your
testimonials right if they click that
application button right there they do
the application then they book a call
then they become a client but let's say
they opted in they don't do that three
things are happening here you're on the
they're on the email list now they're
getting emails I like to send daily
emails they're also getting retargeting
ads this might be happening to you right
now you might you might literally be in
this right here and then you have
Setters calling and texting them
the Setters will typically just throw
them straight to a sales call but the
retargeting ads in the email list always
roll them back to the application page
of the
vssl and you just Loop this forever and
ever and ever you just put spend behind
it and I have about 10 of these like 10
of these funnels just all replications
with different vsls and different ads
and whatnot right and and then you just
you just make these to infinity and you
just keep feeding the sales team and
that's it
right so you can you can design a funnel
that acquires customers and clients at
one at 1 your lifetime value you have a
scalable business right so what is
lifetime value or LTV it's the total
amount of money the average customer
would spend over their lifetime with you
so these are the numbers I'm typically
shooting for cost per optin
$15 cost per call $200 cost per
qualified call
$400 qualified call closing rate should
be about
20% right so what that would mean is
$400
times a fifth so that' be a cost for
acquisition of
$2,000 so if it cost me $2,000 to
acquire a a customer and my LTV is
$10,000 that means I make a 5x return on
LTV right the way you get wealthy in
your business is by increasing LTV as
high as possible right so there's
there's only two things that we can be
doing here it's either decreasing these
costs the cost to generate the leads or
increasing the LTV if you're running ads
you you you can make better ads and you
can do conversion rate optimization to
try to push these numbers lower which is
completely feasible but the higher
leverage activity typically tends to be
increasing LTV right you like you you
pretty much need it to be at least
$10,000 so let me explain to you how to
do that which brings us to step
seven so this is at this point this is
when you begin to start introducing new
product lines right so this is the
typical Playbook by which you should
approach this you should scale a done
for you offer to about 50k to 80k a
month then introduce a done with you or
Consulting offer you get that to 100K a
month and then you start introducing low
ticket self
Liquidators so what is a self Liquidator
now if if we go back to
this and you have an opt-in page you
could make it to where it's
like a $97 course and what you would try
to do is get people to buy the $97
course but your cost for acquisition to
get someone to buy the $97 course is
between $97 and like $1 130 130 would
mean you have a 70% liquidation rate so
you're recapturing some of your ad spend
and it just what that effectively does
is decreases your cost per lead you see
what I mean and typically people who buy
are better quality leads in the first
place so it would actually throughput to
a qualified call cost per qualified call
decreasing right so this this is just
math at this point you're like you you
you've what at this point you've turned
into like a job into like like a capital
allocator like that's that's pretty much
what happens at this point when you
start to get to like 100k a month 200k a
month right
so the way to visualize this is that
these additional offers serve as LTV
increasers for all the eventual
situations that you will encounter so
like let me give you some for instances
a client takes their service in-house
insurance so like you're an agency you
get them really good results they go hey
we're going to take this in-house
happens all the time right so what do
you do you can sell them a Consulting
offer on how to do it correctly in house
what that means is that you're going to
make an additional $5,000 to $1,000 from
them to increase the LTV so it would
have zeroed out if you didn't if you
didn't have this Consulting offer it
would have stopped right there their
lifetime value but then you sold them a
Consulting offer now you get another
$5,000 to $10,000 from them increases
the LTV you see what I mean another
situation client can afford you more
expensive done for you service like they
get in a call they can't afford done for
you or they're just not good they're not
a good fit for the done for you you can
downsell a less expensive Consulting
program so what that means is that a
call that would ordinarily just be
marked as unqualified you make Z for
them you downsell them to a Consulting
now you're going to make anywhere from
$1,000 to $8,000 on them it would have
been zero before you see what I mean
you got one someone buys a course from
you when you're Willow to get courses
they decide they want more help they buy
a more expensive done for you agency
service or done with you coaching
program now you make an additional 8 to
10K from them so say it was like a $100
course they LTV shot it from $100 to$
8,100 see what I mean next is a client
gets in a sales call with you doesn't
convert they get an email from your
email list or retargeting ad from you
and they purchase your
course so you make $500 to $1,000 for
them even though you thought it was a
lost deal and you didn't do anything
because they were just getting your ads
and your emails right so you're just
increasing
LTV the second way to increase LTV is by
just retaining clients longer right so
there's two good there's two components
to keeping clients longer one is the
results you get them which is 50% of the
equation then there's the communication
you have with them which is another 50%
of the equation so the these are equally
weighted the results and the Comm
communication the way and frequency by
which you talk to clients has half to do
whether they continue working with you
or not right so the best way to
understand this is if you become friends
with your client the probability they
churn decreases
substantially and here's the interesting
part about this earlier we were talking
about team at this point you should have
client success managers they can become
friends with just your client success
manager and it has the same exact effect
it doesn't even have to be you they can
just like people on your team that
increases client
retention by
50% right which is a metric we kpi all
of our client success managers on what
is your own personal churn rate of your
clients that you were managing you see
what I mean that's the
kpi so step eight is to apply to join
client Ascension basically we will help
you build everything I talked about
today one1 so who exactly should join
that you're either a marketing agency a
B2B Service Company a coach or
consultant a course seller or a product
died Service Company you want a
predictable impr proven Pathway to
scaling your business you find it
impossible to service your clients while
also growing your business and you need
a solution to fix the problem you're
focusing too much on on client
fulfillment you have zero time to do
lead generation you don't know how to
consistently generate quality leads
you're tired of working with broke
clients you want to get paid more you
hate sales calls and want an easier way
of consistently closing new business you
want a way to get consistently without
needing to spend tens of thousands of
dollars on ads like how do you do it the
most efficient means possible you want
to be able to go on vacation and have
your business still operate without you
you want security and certainty that
your business will continue working and
you won't have to go back to a 9-to-5
job you want to be able to provide for
your family and have actual Freedom you
want to skip years of testing and simply
do what is actively and already working
if this is you you should at least
consider talking to a member of our team
there's no pressure to immediately join
you don't have to do that we only accept
100 new members per quarter so if you
are at least curious you should go to
the form on this or the next page like
if this is on YouTube click learn more
or go in the description if it's on a
page just fill out the application below
it's just going to ask you a couple
questions we're going to give you a
recommendation of what we believe you
should do inside your business based off
of what you put in
there so if this sounds interesting to
you at all you would like to grow your
business without sacrificing your life
you should do that and I hope to see you
inside
peace